hey
bet they thought they're gonna get away
with this huh
excuse me brittany and kayla didn't make
it to the dance camp
didn't the school call you i no kayla's
sick
i kept her home this weekend i was sure
they were doing this together you know
they're with their secret plans
no way what dad pull over it's brit
what are you doing here i'm going to
that stupid ballet thingy duh
you think i could talk to kayla her dad
took her to the doctor did she call me
when she's back of course
you need to tell her dad that you don't
know where she is no
hey what happened to your face looks
like you got hit is there a bathroom
nearby
can we pull over now
i'm scared she can't be trusted to talk
to brittany's dead
get down where's your friend oh
whatever this game is that you're
playing it's over where's britney get
off me
i'm going to the police
how do you want to do something really
bad
i pushed her
that second degree murder
there's something wrong with her she was
such a happy little girl
okay this friend her father came by the
house acting strange
did bernie ever talk about her father
she told me that he
hits her you realize your temper with
your kid
who told you this does he really hit her
no oh yes i learned from the best
whatever you want to believe shouldn't
[Music]
what don't look at me like that
[Applause]
[Music]
bye